['"\n\nLooks a bit spammy, indeed.  I have inserted them into COIBot, lets monitor.  It looks like a real journal, but seems to be quite COI.   T C "',
 '"\nSince you seem to know the ""issue of my block"" can you please tell me the reason? Honestly I still do not understand.   \n"',
 'Atheists HATE this guy \n\nHow dare he attack their philosophy of Hedonism in brave new world!!!!',
 "Oh no, you're not an annoyance. I was just planning on doing all of the German ships myself. I don't want to be too territorial, but I've been working on this for a very long time (actually, today is 3 years from my first edit to a German BB article), and would really prefer to do it all myself. Would you mind working on articles from other nations please?",
 '"You do not know the history behind. Arpad IS a fascist user permanently creating sockpuppets and permanently placing explicit ethnic insults, he called me ""primitive shephard"" without special motivation. He also places fascist texts and ethnic propaganda on the talk pages without any relation to the topic of the article or to the topic being discussed. Unless someone blocks his account I will continue to remove any such spam.  \n\n"',
 "No problem. It's possible, I guess, that we've both missed it somehow, but until someone can find a link or something to confirm its existence I was inclined to leave it out. Isn't it odd, btw, that the reporter in Newham Recorder obviously was too coy to admit that both Rosen and Alan Gibbons are children's authors (and none the less notable for that)! Certainly they have recently campaigned together against Gove on educational matters, but to do with teaching literacy AFAIK rather than religious bias.",
 'Regarding edits made during December 1 2006\nPlease stop. If you continue to vandalize pages,  you will be blocked from editing Wikipedia.  If this is an IP address, and it is shared by multiple users, ignore this warning if you did not make any unconstructive edits. ()(Talk)',
 '"\n\nFilms\n\nHi Nehrams hope your studies are going well and are off on vacation. First have you ever considered some new parameters to the film template -including genre, art direction, casting, second unit director, costume design for example. Also do you think its worth setting up a branch of film WPFilms/Westerns to conentrate on improving western film articles -I know a number of members who would be interested. \n\nYou\'ll be pleased to know I have created two new templates for film images  these include  Template:Filmrationale  (for screenshots and posters)  and Template:Filmbiorationale (for all deceased film people). I regularly upload many images and it is SOOO! much easier. It has been long awaited and already many users are beginning to use them. For normal bios use Template:Biorationale\n\nI have noticed a crackdown on images to the point that it is seriously affectig our articles, For instance Cinema of the UNited States looks ridiculous with no images. Surely there is even an image of CHarlie Chaplin which is publuic domain? I really hope our images will remain including our main film reel icons which were supposed to be deleted July 1.\n\nI have begun an enormous task of compiling the list of American films in which I have asked the project to help out. Any contribution even if it is adding one or two details particularly 1960-present is really needed. \n\nHope you are well and await your response   ""Expecting you"" Contribs "',
 "Number of children\nthe info box list 7\nthe article states he adopted his first wife's 2 kids and had 1 with her. On Cindy' McCain's article it states she and John had 3 for a total of 6 not 7",
 '"\n\n Bargnani \n\nPlease wait until the deal has been officially completed. There has not been an official announcement. Just be patient. We know what we\'re doing, and we\'ll update things when it is necessary ^^^ "',
 'March 2009 \n\nPlease do not replace Wikipedia pages with blank content. Blank pages are harmful to Wikipedia because they have a tendency to confuse readers. If it is a duplicate article, please redirect it to an appropriate existing page. If the page has been vandalized, please revert it to the last legitimate version. If you feel that the content of a page is inappropriate, please edit the page and replace it with appropriate content. If you believe there is no hope for the page, please see the deletion policy for how to proceed.   \xa0 —  (|contribs)',
 'Copyvio \n\nA article you have started some time ago, Canadian Locomotive Company, has been marked as Copyvio. Please do not sumbit copyrighted texts or images on Wikipedia without permission. You may want to consider rewriting an original article on its temporary page instead. ) -  18:02, 8 Mar 2005 (UTC)',
 '"\n\n They are not ""my"" jokes, they belong to the Bektashi culture. I provided links to many websites they are full of samples of these jokes. All of these websites are devoted to the Bektashi culture. They wouldn\'t put them there if they were ""inappropriate"" or irrelevant to their culture. I don\'t know what you know about Bektashi culture, but if this whole thing is about those stories being not confirmant of what you understand from religion, you don\'t have any right to censor them. Because this is our culture, this is our understanding of religion, and we will not let our way of looking at things suppressed anymore. I will also include a section about Bektashi poetry in there, and probably you won\'t be able to stand what\'s in that poetry as they will not obey your understanding of religion. Will you then tell me ""there is no place for poetry in an article about religion?"" This is what Bektashi culture is about, and this kind of censorship is unacceptable.  "',
 "Hoaxes \n\nPlease don't waste our times with hoaxes.",
 '"\n\nOh the irony.  You use an appeal to authority to support your argument, but since you know this is not convincing to someone that already disagrees, you attempt to present the argument of said person directly - Thus contradicting your own reasoning and supporting mine by your actions.  If what you said was true, then you would not feel the need to present that reasoning at all.  But through the ages we have come to see that such an attitude is stupidly wrong, so you take the typical approach of presenting a hollow argument from a proposed authority while still depending on the weight of that person\'s position to carry the argument.  So we have now a bastardized version of the real ""appeal to authority fallacy"".  What you forget is that fallacy is the domain of those few and far between who have such conditioning as to be immune to the bandwagon effect, and who look for any way possible to get through to people that their reasoning is irrational.  The instant they succeed, they are joined by people who lack that same conditioning and eventually forget the original meaning.  The people you reference are no philosophers or logicians, for there can be no name for what that is supposed to represent that will persist through the ages unless it references the aforementioned conditioning.  But specifically regarding what this so called ""logician"" claims, he wishes that people can influence a debate without putting forth any argument at all.  \n\n"',
 '"\nQuack, quack. P Javért ☆ "',
 "Be quiet. I'm not attacking any persons; I am attacking (and justifiably so) persons' behaviour. Now get focussed on the task at hand at stop whining like a little school girl who's being teased by those wascally boyths....",
 'fuck you then, im done with this website.',
 "Soxwon, This is not about you.  I want to improve this article so that it is not specific to American corporations in the intro. (when the article is about different corps, including non-profits) and not based on a neo-liberal viewpoint (e.g., H&K;'s).  I've provided many arguments to support these edits, the outside editor CoolCaesar agrees with me, and I believe I can fairly delete the H&K; section.  \n \nYou have said anything about the H&K; section in question.  You've made no comments, but you've reverted several times.  Please stop.",
 '"\n\n not an attack \n\ndear jeff, I had this message removed, it is not an attack but I do want an apology for your behaviour. listen buddy, I don\'t know what that email you sent me was, but Idon\'t like that sort of talk coming into my house - you might like to watch ""robo-babes"" and other ""fleshhoneys"" doing depraved things and putting opbjects into them, but me and my family certainly don\'t . Now it so happens that was a SHARED email address - one that all my family use, and the idea that my daughter could have gone onto the email and looked at pictures like that makes me heartily sick. and the fact htat you\'re some kind of responsible man on the wikipedia. I used to have faith in wikipedia, I used to think it was a useful thing, but to get an email from you, linked to this website, and all the pictures you attached - not to mention the links to all sorts of faces splattered in the worst kind of bodily fluids and excretions... this mighht be your chance to turn the enciclopedia into a den of perversion and pornography. It\'s not that there were the pictures on here - I can understandf if I wanted to look an article about some kind of deviant practice - but why would you send that to me here? you should be stripped of the medals you have so proudly on your page - in the army we used to have a word for people like you and I wouldn\'t want to print it here. If i dont get an apology this goes right to the top."',
 '"\n\n References \n\nErreferentziak\nOriginally, the here quoted reference of excellent publication about mr. Vallée was included too:\nBroglie, Louis de, The wave nature of the electron, Nobel Lecture, December 12, 1929\nRené Louis Vallée: L\'énergie électromagnétique matérielle et gravitationnelle, Masson & Cie, éditeurs - Paris, 1971 — traduction libre par  D.A. Borgdorff,  relativement:  ""hypothése d\'existence des milieux énergétiques et d\'une valeur limite supérieure du champ électrique"". Ibidem via la SEPED – Paris, 1978 -  La théorie Synergétique  ()\nD.A. Borgdorff: 86.83.155.44 12:53, 27 Otsaila 2008 (UTC) and here: 86.83.155.44  "',
 'Comment, as nominator @Necrothesp and the other user, what criteria are you using for determining whether there is a primary topic?',
 'Please do, all you will find is that novaseminary has a very bad history of edit warring, pov editing, and being uncivil.',
 '"\n\nAs I explained in an edit summary this sentence attempts to summarise the information in mephedrone#UK. \'People have died after taking mephedrone\' is intended to summarise ""mephedrone had been alleged to be involved in 52 fatalities in the UK, but detected in only 38 of these cases"". Likewise \'some deaths the media attributed to the drug were later determined to have been caused by other factors\' is summarising ""The death of a teenager in the UK in November 2009 was widely reported as being caused by mephedrone, but a report by the coroner concluded she had died from natural causes. In March 2010, the deaths of two teenagers in Scunthorpe were widely reported by the media to be caused by mephedrone. Toxicology reports showed the teenagers had not taken any mephedrone and had died as a result of consuming alcohol and the heroin substitute methadone"". Both parts are important and should be mentioned in the lead and if you read the references you should realise that this is exceptional to mephedrone as deaths were over-reported and mis-reported by the media - comparisons with other topics are irrelevant. I agree that it is a bit weasely, but how else to you suggest that that section is summarised? WP:LEADCITE is very vague about whether citations are required and when I wrote the lead I erred on making it easier to read rather than ensuring that every fact was supported by a citation there (Wikipedia:Citation_overkill). I could easily copy the references from the main article to the lead for this sentence, but then someone will likely come along and complain that other sentences don\'t have citations... IMO this is a waste of time when readers could just find the relevant citations in the main body of the article.   "',
 "The section above lists at least4 of the neutral gun control sources which reprint or discuss Halbrooks article. There are a number more which are in the large list of sources I linked in the RFC. I loko forward to hearing your hand waving explanation about why they don't count.",
 'The fact that you use the following techniques shows that you are not a critical thinker, but a conduit for state propaganda:\n\nAppeal to authority\n\nAppeal to fear\n\nLabeling\n\nOversimplification\n\nMilieu control',
 "And I enforcing Olberon's reverts because I know he is correct about fair game, not Wikipediatrix.",
 '"\nMany legitimate news sources referred to the crime as rape, and the victim as a child.  Wikipedia does not censor, it list what is listed in the legitimate third party media sources. \'\'\' "',
 '"\nIt may be that the singer\'s non-singing is the major topic of discussion in sources, perhaps dubious. .Wolfowitz "',
 '"\nYou don\'t say that Martin Hogbin turned attention of Wisard191 to following: <<... to write a whole article based on one source is not entirely within the spirit of WP. I agree that it would be better to have a greater range of sources which is why, in the absence of anything better, the metal-art source might be acceptable, assuming it does actually confirm what is being said in the article>>. I want remind that the discussion has arisen as a result of gross action of Wisard191 to remove my insertion to the text of the article. My intention is to undo Wizard191\'s action, which removed my contribution. My goal is to contribute to the article section ""History"" the text:\n""Since the advance of the PC era the manufacturing of complicated and unique forged items is usually accompanied by realistic 3D computer simulation. This accurate and relatively fast technology allows accumulate all needful knowledges, equipment and intermediates for the future forged items before the starting of manufacturing[i][ii]. Computer 3D modeling is now not scarcity even for small  companies[iii].""\ni Forging Process Modeling. This footnote supports reality of using 3D computer simulation in forging.\nii On CAD/CAM hardware and software usable in forging. This footnote tells which tools are usable.\niii 3D modeling in forge. This footnote supports reality of using 3D modelling in small forging companies.\nAndy Dingley is the only author who promises to undo my undoing of Wizard191\'s action . I don\'t see in his intention a common sense. I only see a passionate desire not to permit in the article my additional text with footnotes. I almost no doubt that he again and again will try to switch debate to the criticism of an external link. Meantime the article will be without the truthful text about the historical role of computer 3D simulation for modern forging.   "',
 '"\n\nWTF do you want from me? There are (Christian) folks who think they hold the monopoly on issues such as god, morals, and Christendom as such. And there are (Jewish) folks who will do everything to control issues such as Judaism, Israel, Palestine, and parts of ancient history. The latter are called the ""jew crew"" on fora that I have been on and I don\'t know or care whether that targets all Jews or all Israelis or who may feel offended by that. I did not invent the term nor do or will I give it a second thought. I, for one, am offended by religious fanaticism and nationalism (which both are reasons to present Jerusalem as the undisputed capital of Israel), and by folks who present biblical tales as accurate history (and derive political claims from that). And, does anybody care?   "',
 'OMG!!! \n\nWelcome to Wikipedia. The recent edit you made to User talk:HalfShadow has been reverted, as it appears to be constructive. (We all know HalfShadow is a inbred faggot) Use the sandbox for testing; if you believe the edit was unconstructive, ensure that you provide disinformative edit summary. You may also wish to ignore the introduction to editing. Thank you. Soliloquialtalk Amazing what others think of you. I was shocked.',
 "H's P, again\n\nThanks for your kind words Sam.  I leaft a link on the discussion for H's P which is the clearest  most complete analysis available .  I keep an eye on things from  the exterior , and the guy who noted on my Rfc that things don't link , would find they link still less now  . It is almost comic  how it's effected . Really  though I don't  like the idea of hopping thru the german sections and nazi sections and  all that  , but it will have to be done unless we abdicate altogether . I can only suggest you read that link , such that you will understand  . Even jimbo said that there's no point in persuading those who don't want to hear , and I don't retain such an illusion .  I put the link for the rest of you - I suggest it be edited as minimally as possible and used to correct all the relevant articles , Hitler, Weimar, Popes , Magnates. \n\nAs to Str missing me and wanting to find me - I left word at the start  of all this on WP , in case I'd be missed  . As you well know, every hair is counted  in time  , especially in India .",
 "Yours to me, too. The whole sections you have opened here are superfluous. Wikipedia:Don't disrupt Wikipedia to illustrate a point.",
 'Byzantine discussion\n\nYou may be interested to know that your comments have inspired me to create a Byzantine discussion at Talk:Byzantine Empire. The discussion covers the Byzantine military and explores the reasons for the fall of the empire. So I thankyou for your comments, as they have lead me to this fascinating discussion. All the best,',
 "As distastful as this line of thought is, he'd also probably be intelligent enough to know that someone staking out Woolwich barracks probably weren't waiting for him specifically to emerge. Your last line is irrelevant anyway, as clearly the context here is meant to be an attack in Woolwich, not on Woolwich. Although arguably waiting outside Woolwich barracks to kill a random soldier is indeed an attack on the district of Woolwich (with the choice of barracks being as random as the choice of individual).",
 '"\n""Krauss plans to update The Physics of Star Trek in 2006.""\n\nI think this article needs to get updated..."',
 'I hope that you can have a good luck trying to find a new job. I am sorry that you other job did not worked out for your benefts. I hope that your new job will work better for you. Good Luck',
 '"\n\n Notable \n\nHey, what are you defining ""Notable"" and what not? Simple single facts about what a spouse does for a living? Go to any politician or high profile figure and mentions of their moms, dads, sisters, sons, wives, husband\'s job is a common occurrence.\nI checked the other black republican-elect, Tim Scott\'s page, and his contains no different\n  "',
 '" ""Elon Musk did not found Tesla Motors nor was he the CEO until years later"" (title)\n ""What follows is a brief history of Tesla starting at its founding not by Elon Musk, but Martin Eberhard and Marc Tarpenning"" (page 1)\n ""Tesla was founded not by Elon Musk, but rather by Martin Eberhard and Marc Tarpenning in July 2003."" (page 2)\nIt should be noted however that I never proposed changing it to \'Musk is not a cofounder Tesla Motors\'\n DocHeuh  \n\n"',
 '"Your username, Niggerspicjew, has been blocked indefinitely because it is either inappropriate or too similar to an existing username (see our blocking policy for more information).\nYou are encouraged to create a new account and contribute to Wikipedia under a more appropriate username, and in a constructive manner. See Wikipedia:Username for guidance on selecting an appropriate username. You may also edit Wikipedia without creating an account. If you would like to discuss the block, you may edit your talk page or email the administrator who blocked you. —\xa0\xa0(~) 16:42, 08 October 2006"',
 "Ketuanan Melayu peer review \n\nI'll give the article a solid once-over as soon as I have time; it looks very substantive and well-thought-out. The form is a bit confusing in one regard  sometimes italics are used to indicate non-English-language words and phrases; at other times italics indicate quotations. But not all quotations (or non-English-language phrases) are italicized.  I'm not sure why it's formatted this way, but it confused me a bit. I'll put my later comments on the peer review page.",
 "the looonnnnggg pink box \n\nhi tellyaddict\nhere's hoping that wot you all told me is going to work, no spaces, no punction, no nothing (except this double negative) just wanted to say thank you for your prompt response ta",
 "Help with Project template? \n\nHelp, what am I doing wrong? I tried a combo of the Beatles and the 0.5 template to do the Comments thing and the category does not appear if a Comments page exists. Here's my template  - I put the sentence that gives the link in the areas where the class is being assigned and then the category include code is near the bottom. I put a comment on this page Talk:Firefly (soundtrack) Oleg said I should ask you for help on this -) Thanks!",
 'Gravitational potential equations added \nPatrick, you added the following equations to Gravitational potential\nThus we get:\n \n\nThese equations seem to imply that\n\nI tried but I could not figure out why this is true.  Could you explain how you got this result?',
 '"\n\n Books in userspace \n\nHave you read this policy first before making this edit? It seems that in your ignorance you\'ve made some highly inapprorpriate actions before reading. NaSpVe | "',
 'Thank you\n\nYou are doing a better job of this than I am.  I fear I am mostly alienating people.',
 'REDIRECT Talk:D44 road (Croatia)',
 "unblock me \n\nUNBLOCK ME NOW! I'M TAKING A PLANE TO ENGLAND AND BLOWING UP THE COUNTRY!",
 "No, wikipedia articles can't be used as references. FA review looks at all kind of things and can easily miss one fact. Besides, FAs are edited after the review, and at this stage all kind of unexpected things happen.",
 "1 - if you don't want others messing with YOUR page, don't mess with others.\n\n2 - Deleting FACTS pertaining to your activities only makes you look even more guilty than the facts you sek to hide.\n\nIF YOU DELETE THEM AGAIN, I WILL POST THEM TO OTHER USERS AND ADMINS.",
 "Quite so. The religion of the ID proponents is notable because of their claims for public education purposes that ID is science and not religion, while vaunting their religion and ID's religious compatibility when seeking Creationist support. I do of course appreciate that vocal opponents of ID such as Father Coyne of the Vatican Observatory are seen as rabid militant atheists by some proponents of Creationism or ID.. ..., talk",
 "Ping! \n\nYou've got mail.  (Reply)",
 '"\n\n..."" God forgive them, they dont know what they are doing... "" "',
 'This is a lie, I have nothing to do with that user. You are more than welcome to use the IP-detector to prove me correct. That is a PA against me.',
 '... and an edit summary would be much in demand....',
 '"\n\nGenerally, yes. But that particular page seems to one that is ""owned"" - however much that is against everything Wikipedian. I did try to get some answers for the sake of improving the article from whomever reads that page to no avail. I\'ll certainly admit that I did at a time let my temper get the better of me. The reason I keep - well, as of now, kept - asking Medeis is because he acts like some sort of watchdog. All the best   "',
 "Pakistan is a republic? \n\nEveryone knows that Musharaff seized power in a 1999 coup.Doesn't that make him more of a dictator than a President?",
 'Support for same reasons.',
 'If edit-warring is one person overriding a decision as their own little Crusade, only',
 "He's an English professor. He is Armenian. It's his first non-poetic book. He wrote it in 2003. He sources other Armenians for the passage you quoted.",
 'Hello \n\nI am here to talk about the page Nathan Comnick. I made that page for me about me. My name is Nathan Comnick.',
 '"Hmm... it would appear commiemike is now trying to whitewash the history of his ""glorious leader"" Zeidler even further. AntiCommieMike —Preceding comment was added at \n\n"',
 "Re: Your edit to the Messianic Judaism template \n\nHello Noogster, please note that the only edits I have made to the template have been to remove the WikiProject link (this was my latest edit), so your comments on my talk page are misplaced, apart from the WikiProject link, which I have discussed previously at Template talk:Messianic Judaism/Exclusive MJ. Please do try to discuss the content of the template on the talk page rather than reverting, as edit warring doesn't achieve any productive results (it is also worse on templates as every time you edit it a change has to be made in every page using the template). You are much more likely to get your points across by discussing them with other editors and reaching a consensus. Please let me know if you have any questions. Thanks,",
 '"\n\n GMO Arb case \n\nHi - just checking on progress on the PD for the GMO case.  Wondering if you and  might have an updated ETA?  4th "',
 "Move? \n\nShould cuisine in the title name be capitalized? It's capitalized at the beginning of the article. If so, may I move the article? -",
 '"\n\nThank you for your opinion TransporterMan.\n\nI can agree with Delete the sentence which reads, ""Mr. Solomon is president of Renewal Partners which was a financial backer of Happy Planet Foods, Inhance Investment Management, and Capers Markets."" \n\nIt appears ConcernedVancouverite is willing to as well.  \nThanks for your time."',
 '"\n\n Geez Hesp, as well as being a coward you are a little paranoid, sorry very paranoid, you should also call your Mummy and Daddy. \nIn case you are stupid as well as paranoid and a coward, speaking face to face is the old fashoined way of sorting out problems as opposed to hiding behind a pretty name in a cyber veil; you pathetic little excuse for a man.   —Preceding unsigned comment added by Gregjay (talk • contribs) \n\nRetrieved from ""http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/User_talk:Hesperian"""',
 'CfD nomination of Category:Temptations\nI have nominated  for renaming to . Your opinions on the matter are welcome; please participate in the discussion by adding your comments at the discussion page. Thank you.',
 '"\nThere was I thinking you people wouldn\'t care about ""the real world"" and preferred ""reliable sources"" (that you get to pick and judge) instead! Despite the term not being very widespread, it is used in the ""real world"" of people trying to sound scientific about the state of circumcision and the adoration thereof - see the links. ""The real world"" is thus exactly an argument why the synonym should be mentioned in the article. Spreading information is the purpose of wikipedia. Here we have a synonym for being circumcised belonging to an article that is in desperate need for a richer vocabulary about that state. Remember the ""circumcised vs natural"" wars? That problem would be reduced if there were actually more words - outside gym shower room talk - to describe the state of circumcision. Addition of the synonym (and subsequent, occasional use) would be without a doubt beneficial to the article as a whole.  "',
 '"== Bruce Campbell ==\nU42 "',
 'can someone please review my request........?',
 "... and... blocked for the day. (I'd have given him a week myself .. lol)  Thanks for your work by the way. —  ~  (yes?)/©",
 'Nandesuka, you asked for it, you can certify it:\nWikipedia:Requests_for_comment/User_conduct#Use_of_administrator_privileges',
 '}}\n{{not here|may have left Wikipedia|Drewcifer3000|2012 May 21',
 'If you really feel that strongly about protecting Arnold Murray and if you really have studied his works then you would know that he always says to be smarter than the serpent.  Get your own copy of the ministerial license and photoshop out the signatures except the bottom one, upload it, and claim it is the real version.\n\nAM has said many times that the kenites like to twist things just a little bit to change or hide the truth.  Either you are a kenite or you are following their tactics.65.87.185.73',
 'about bunt article \nhey do you have any photos of a guthu house and also korikatta',
 '"\n\n Let\'s collaborate \n\nAshish Jee Namaste,\nGood to know about your activities in Wikipedia. As you know we are recently recognized as ""Wikimedians of Nepal"" from the WMF. There are some wikipedia editors editing in Nepali and other local languages. There are little editors from Nepal in touch who are editing in English and other language Wikipedia. If we could be in touch, we could have good collaboration. Regards.  \n Thanks Ganesh g, how can i be in that group ?   "',
 '"\nSeconded. By whose estimation is Palda ""not noteworthy""? They were a very significant label and are collectible. That\'s noteworthy! 67.200.59.43  "',
 "You must be stuck on stupid Dmries. I'm not arguing about why I was blocked. I'm saying that ABC News has an opinion that the ad was an attack ad. It's not a reliable source because it is biased, and the no original research policy is a dumb policy. Why would you not want to see the actual ad for yourself? Oh, I know. We're all too stupid to figure out what the actual ad means. We need ABC to break it down for us. Save it. You have an agenda and you won't let anyone interfere with it. I feel sorry for any student who would get stuck in one of your classes. They probably end up dumber for the experience!",
 "Hm. It's amazing that I didn't even notice the wrong acronym...(!) ) — tizzle",
 'gueeeeesssssss whoooooooo ! D:D:D',
 'April 2006 \n\nPlease do not add nonsense to Wikipedia. It is considered vandalism. If you would like to experiment, use the sandbox. Thank you.',
 '"\n\nGalleries\nHello again! I also have a small suggestion.. Since you are creating articles with a lot of pictures, I am wondering if you are familiar with the ""gallery"" option. With this option you create a gallery in which the pictures are perfectly positioned, regardless of the screen resulotion you are using (the way you were making a gallery is also okay, but the gallery displayes rather messy on the computer I am using). I changed your new Melanargia article using this. See how it looks here:\n\nCheers!   "',
 "talk, don't try to threaten me with barring, i don't care at all. The thing here is not whether i did 3 undos or not , the thing is whether those undos were right or not. Just prove me here, that those were wrong and then post something else on my user talk page. Untill then don't waste my time by posting crap things on my talk page",
 'Riverina towns progress list\nHi, I have finally got the table of the Riverina towns together as discussed earlier.  You can find it here: / talk',
 'Criticism Section \n\nIn the furry fandom article under the criticism section, you have placed several templates stating that the citations in the criticism section are inappropriate, and that it contains original research.  I am wondering if you meant to include this in the top of the article, as the criticism section contains no inappropriate citations or original research.',
 "I've started a discussion at WP:BLPN.",
 'Eat my penis \nYo fuck you whack ass niggas. One.',
 'With so little other material presented about the nominal topic, the detailed coverage of NDGT here constitutes a pretty clear WP:POVFORK and a WP:COATRACK.  Please let the RFC at the bio page run its course before trying to insert the material anywhere where it might plausibly fit.',
 "Florence Welch\nThis section feels very fan written to me and I was wondering if anyone would consider a slight rewrite? Nothing to do with the content really, just doesn't flow very well.",
 "I cant find mention of Raptor as an engine on SpaceX's web site can you give a link.  If Raptor is the name of the engine then it would make sence to change the name but as Raptor would use diffent fuel to the merlin it would need a new stage which would proberly carry the same name so the stage should still be mentioned. 86.173.128.42",
 'Please stop being a penis— and Grow Up Regards-',
 '"\nI\'m not suggesting that we ""make article content decisions based on metadata needs"", though it is a relevant factor. I suggest we take wider discussion of hCard & persondata the latter - which is of great interest to me, and likely to veer off-topic for this page) to the microformats project talk page.  (User:Pigsonthewing); Andy\'s talk; Andy\'s edits "',
 "I can't believe she is 48 years old... SOURCE?!",
 "ANI notification \n\nHello. There is currently a discussion at Wikipedia:Administrators' noticeboard/Incidents regarding an issue with which you may have been involved.    Thank you.\n\nJust a courtesy as I've mentioned you. Cheers, Snowman",
 '"\nThanks I guess. Although do note that Black hole is not ""my"" article, since nobody owns a wikipedia article. Also, although I have put a lot of work into that article, many other editors have contributed to that article as well, and also deserve credit for their work. Unfortunately for you, I haven\'t written any books. Learning about GR, without much mathematical or physical background, can be quite hard, since it requires some pretty abstract concepts to make precise. If you do have some background knowledge, then Carroll\'s book (or lecture notes, see reference in the black hole article) is really good, finding a really good balance between mathematical clarity and physical intuition, while referring to sources that give more in depth treatment of subjects that he skims over.R "',
 'REDIRECT Talk:1992–93 Ukrainian Hockey Championship',
 "I'm sure, Proabivouac, that you have read the page. You will know then, that Southphilly's reverts here and here are against consensus. Maybe you can do something?  (Have a nice day!)",
 'Abortion lede\nPlease take a look at the abortion lede.71.3.237.145']
